Xdr alert mrroring (#33685)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/Integrations/CortexXDRIR/README.md

    | Incidents Fetch Interval                                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | False        |

>     | Close all related alerts in XDR | Close all related alerts in XDR once an incident has been closed in XSOAR. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Close all related alerts in XDR | Close all related alerts in Cortex XDR once an incident has been closed in Cortex XSOAR. | False |
```

>The endpoint alias was changed successfully.
Note: If there is no error in the process, then this is the output even when the specific endpoint does not exist.

### xdr-update-alert

***

> Update one or more alerts. You can update up to 100 alerts per request. Missing fields are ignored.Required license: Cortex XDR Prevent, Cortex XDR Pro per Endpoint, or Cortex XDR Pro per GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update one or more alerts. You can update up to 100 alerts per request. Missing fields are ignored. Required license: Cortex XDR Prevent, Cortex XDR Pro per Endpoint, or Cortex XDR Pro per GB.
```

#### Base Command

`xdr-update-alert`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| alert_ids | Array of alert-ids (separated with comma). | Required | 
| severity | Severity of the incident which was closed. Possible values are: critical, high, medium, low, informational. | Optional | 

> | status | Status to be changed to updated alerts. Possible values are: new, resolved_threat_handled, under_investigation, resolved_security_testing, resolved_auto, resolved_known_issue, resolved_duplicate, resolved_other, resolved_false_positive, resolved_true_positive. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status | New status for updated alerts. Possible values are: new, resolved_threat_handled, under_investigation, resolved_security_testing, resolved_auto, resolved_known_issue, resolved_duplicate, resolved_other, resolved_false_positive, resolved_true_positive. | Optional | 
```
